Our Video Translation technology can dub any English video into Hindi. Translate Video. Trusted by 25,000+ people and teams of all sizes globally.
Our Video Translation technology can dub any English video into Hindi. Translate Video. Trusted by 25,000+ people and teams of all sizes globally.
65 million years ago, on the planet Somaris, pilot Mills convinces his wife Alya that he should take on a two-year space expedition to earn the money needed to treat their daughter Nevine's illness. During the journey, his spaceship, the Zoic, is hit by a mass of asteroids and crash-lands on an alien planet, which unbeknownst to him, is actually Earth. With his ship damaged beyond repair, he finds that his passengers have been killed and contemplates suicide until he finds a lone survivor, a young girl named Koa. Mills sends a distress beacon for rescue and decides to take care of Koa. However, they have difficulty communicating due to differing languages and a broken translator.

Mills later discovers a functioning escape shuttle from the Zoic has landed on top of a mountain. To encourage Koa to follow him, Mills lies about her family being atop the mountain, when in reality they perished in the crash. The pair quickly realize the planet is home to dangerous and aggressive alien creatures, which turn out to be Earth's dinosaurs. As Mills protects Koa, they begin to bond.

Koa watches several video messages sent by Nevine. The two are attacked by a large carnivorous reptile that resembles a cross between a theropod and a Rauisuchid, though Mills shoots it in the eye which only enrages it, forcing Koa and Mills to retreat further into the cave. After a rockfall separates them, Mills is attacked by an Oviraptor and Koa is attacked by a raptor-like creature which she traps in a fallen tree log; she uses bombs Mills had given her to kill the dinosaur. Mills kills the Oviraptor and escapes the cave, however he falls into quicksand while searching for Koa. Koa rescues him and they continue up the mountain. However, Mills discovers that a huge asteroid, the same one whose debris his ship crashed into, will strike Earth in less than 12 hours.

The two reach the escape shuttle, but Koa is angry when she discovers that Mills lied to her. Mills opens up to Koa about losing Nevine, who had died of her illness while he was away, and promises to protect her. Upon learning rescue is on the way, the two board the escape shuttle, but the asteroid's debris causes it to fall down the mountain. A pair of Marauding Tyrannosaurus rex harass Mills and Koa, though Mills successfully kills both of them. Suddenly, the same quadruped predator Mills had partially blinded earlier, also attacks. Mills manages to lure it toward a large geyser field while Koa stabs it in it's remaining good eye with a large dinosaur tooth that she coated in poison berries earlier, blinding it. The now blind carnivore then stumbles headfirst into a boiling hot geyser and is burned to death. The pair escapes just in time as the asteroid strikes Earth, causing a cataclysmic event and the extinction of the dinosaurs. With the pod set to meet up with a rescue vessel, the two relax and fly off into the stars.
